Update getting-started-with-NSwag.md (#12637)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/getting-started-with-NSwag.md

* The [NSwag.CodeGeneration.CSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NSwag.CodeGeneration.CSharp/) or [NSwag.CodeGeneration.TypeScript](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NSwag.CodeGeneration.TypeScript/) NuGet packages for code generation inside your project.
* NSwag from the [command line](https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/wiki/CommandLine).
* The [NSwag.MSBuild](https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag/wiki/MSBuild) NuGet package.

> * The [Unchase OpenAPI (Swagger) Connected Service](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Unchase.unchaseopenapiconnectedservice) &ndash; a Visual Studio 2017/2019 Connected Service for generating API client code in C# or TypeScript and controllers code in C# used [NSwag](https://github.com/NSwag/NSwag) inside your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Unchase OpenAPI (Swagger) Connected Service](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Unchase.unchaseopenapiconnectedservice) &ndash; a Visual Studio Connected Service for generating API client code in C# or TypeScript. Also generates C# controllers for OpenAPI services with NSwag.
```
